Update `pre-commit` `yaml` code-block (#5323)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/install.md

      - id: dvc-pre-commit
        language_version: python3
        stages:
          - pre-commit
      - id: dvc-pre-push
        # use s3/gs/etc instead of all to only install specific cloud support
        additional_dependencies: ['.[all]']
        language_version: python3
        stages:
          - pre-push
      - always_run: true
        id: dvc-post-checkout
        language_version: python3
        stages:
          - post-checkout
    repo: https://github.com/iterative/dvc
    rev: 3.56.0

>     # rev should be set to a specific revision (e.g. 2.9.5) since pre-commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # rev should be set to a specific revision (e.g. 3.56.0) since pre-commit
```
